the blackberry bold 9790 is a fairly new
model even though it is lower down the
blackberry command chain it has a 2.45
inch touchscreen display which aids
navigation around the phone in addition
to that it has a precision trackpad to
aid the screen when it isn't being as
precise as it could be this phone is
just eleven point four inches thick and
it is a noticeably compact device to
hold in the hand on the bucket has a
rear facing camera of five megapixels
with an LED flash unlike the bold touch
it cannot shoot 720p video unfortunately
in addition to that the back of the
phone isn't carbon fiber as featured in
the bold touch which is quite a
disappointment as it's a very nice phone
and it has quite a cheap plastic back on
it now it runs OS 7 which is the latest
blackberry release for this phone and it
looks very stylish is significantly
simpler than previous releases found on
other blackberry phones which makes it a
lot easier to use in general you can
easily access any application you want
to by navigating with the precision
trackpad and you can access social feeds
which is a application where you can
access facebook twitter and even sign up
for RSS and this is all within one
application and that is just like it the
9860 now the difference between the 1960
and this is noticeably the qwerty
keyboard here and it is a lot smaller
touchscreen display but the principle
and the use of the operating system with
the touchscreen is fairly similar the OS
is fast and snappy as it has a 1
gigahertz processor so you could even
consider playing some games on here or
watching some media also with blackberry
protect you can easily protect your
phone you can find blackberry protect in
the Applications folder by easily
navigating
the phone with the precision trackpad
you can browse to applications and then
you can even find the documents
application where you can create Word
documents Excel documents and PowerPoint
with blackberry protect you can protect
the phone and even wipe it secure it
unset passwords easily all from this one
application if that's not enough
applications for you you can even head
over to the app world and download a
whole range of applications onto here
now the advantage of this is all
blackberry phones have the blackberry
app store so if you're considering
buying a similar phone you will still
have access to the BlackBerry App Store
providing liar is a blackberry
smartphone now to briefly conclude it
has a qwerty keyboard unlike some other
blackberries now it has touchscreen to
age navigation unlike some other
blackberries which don't have the touch
screen and it is pretty useful to aid
the precision of the trackpad it is a
very small and compact phone it feels
nice to hold in the hand is beveled on
the top here and it has a wealth of
tools and apps included now you can get
all this from I need a mobile com as
well as the blackberry touch 9900 if
you're considering guessing that and the
whole range of other reviews are
available from I need a mobile
if you want already be sure to follow us
on twitter and like our facebook page
stay up to date with all the latest
offers